** Why so many rejections for the Doctoral Studentship? **

(1) The primary issue of the rejection is due to the lack of funds to support my education in pursuing a PhD degree. 
From the countless discussion, overseas students must have their own funding secured before thinking to further their study.

(2) There is a multiple attempts to secure funding by me as demonstrated in pursuing the government-sponsored scholarship; 
such as LPDP (Indonesia Endowment Fund for Education) and the Australia Awards Scholarship. 

If you notice, only one of them provides feedbacks. The assessment from Australia Awards Scholarships was fair, unlike the LPDP. 
They did not provide you with any written feedbacks. 
The LPDP may not be able to provide individual feedback due to the number of applicants. 
I am not entirely sure the exact number, but this scholarship is open for all 33 provinces in Indonesia.

Nevertheless, I want to inform you of my experiences when applying for the LPDP. 
I was fortunate that I got called to an interview when I applied for LPDP on my first attempt.  
From the statement of the people that I met during the day of the interview with LPDP, 
they had to try up to 3 to 4 times to get called up for this stage. 

However, when I met with the committee of LPDP interviewers; I met one interesting gentleman. 

This gentleman (of the interviewer) claimed that the LPDP scholarship is only available to those who 'never been to abroad' and the 'poor'.
I am neither the following of what he said. 

However, what he claimed were pure lies. 

A lot has change happened from 2017 till present (2019), so the written rules of LPDP undergoing multiple amendments. 
However, I can assure you that the rules in 2017 until now (2019) NEVER mentioned the economy status of applicants or whether he/she never studied abroad.

At the time I was asked this question, I was not sure whether the interviewer was testing of my thoroughness or that he himself did not even read his own rule. 
Regardless, I answered that no such rules written prior to or after I applied for the LPDP scholarship. 
He seems unconvinced with this answer. He was either hiding his embarassment in front of his colleagues or ignorant. 

At the end of the day, however, I was unsuccessful. 

This does not prevent me to keep pursuing to find the funding required to study PhD and it has been going on for 2 years. 
I am still persevering to succeed.
