-Date	    : 3rd July 2019
-Source   : Facebook (my personalised newsfeed)
-Location : Indonesia, Bandung
-Status	  : Close

-Description:

	  Around 14.24 PM local time (GMT Western Indonesia Region), I noticed a post from my local governor (Mr. Ridwan Kamil of Bandung city) 
    Facebook page about electric vehicle. The electric vehicle is in form of motorcycle. 

	  The specifications of it (as written on his post) are as follows:
	  (1). Noiseless (as typically with electric vehicle)
	  (2). It can travelled for 80 km in just one hour of charging it
	  (3). Mass production by local company is imminent by local company called ARINDO 

	  He informed that officially (although unclear whether it is effective immedia-
	  tely or not) for daily commute when performing his governorial tasks will be accomodated
	  by this electric vehicle.

	  This Facebook post rake in about 800+ commments in about one hour after the posting
	  time. Through the filter functionality of 'relevant comments', the default comment filter
	  of Facebook, only one person mentioned the issue of lacking the sound that it made when
	  traveling on the road.

	  This Facebook post ID is 387474758784089.

-Update(s):
	
	  (1). The time of the Governor post is based upon the timestamp of the facebook post.

-Editor Opionon:

    "People who worried about the lack of noise should informed themselves about the EU legislation 
    just recently become mandatory to obeyed. The specific legislation is Regulation (EU) No 540/2014. 
    The draft of this regulation begin on 6th February 2013 and in April 2014, the European Parliament
    approved this regulation. This new rule established transitional period of 5 years after publication
    of the final approval of the April 2014 proposal to comply with the regulation.

    For those wandering, this regulation declare a mandatory installation of Acoustic Vehicle Alerting Systems (AVAS) 
    for electric vehicle.

    The article from 'engadget' website explained in good Laymen way of how people feel about this:

    'The rules won't please everyone. The charity Guide Dogs and other accessibility advocates
    have called for electric cars to make sounds at all speeds. It might also irk people hoping
    that EVs could usher in an era of far quiter streets. Still, this could increase practical
    safety and help EVs gain acceptance from people worried they could become hazards.'

    You can read the full article here: (https://www.engadget.com/2019/06/30/eu-electric-car-noise-rule-takes-effect/)

    Now, I understand that the reader (especially from Indonesia) of this text document might say that this rule is
    only mandatory for our European counterpart. Let's put it this way, our European counterpart already ahead on this
    issue, know the good and the bad of implementing such disruption to all pedestrians and environments.

    Is it not wise, for us, to actually learn and follow their understanding of electric vehicle?"
